Commission on Teacher Credentialing
Database Standards: Azure SQL Server Database Information

Azure SQL Server Database
Information
Revision Date: September 10, 2025

Summary
The Commission’s .NET project databases are hosted in Azure SQL Managed Instances.
This document provides information on how developers connect to databases using SQL
Server Management Studio (SSMS) and Visual Studio during development, as well as how
systems hosted in Azure App Services securely access databases. Additionally, it includes
the SQL Server instance information for each environment.

SQL Servers
The table below lists the SQL Server instances for each environment.
Environment
Development
Test
QA
Production

SQL Server Name
sql-calctc-dev.d3fcf7daf484.database.windows.net
sql-calctc-test.d3fcf7daf484.database.windows.net
sql-calctc-qa.85bf8c0cdbc7.database.windows.net
sql-calctc-prod.85bf8c0cdbc7.database.windows.net

Connection Strings for .NET Systems
The table below contains template connection strings for use in .NET web projects being
hosted in Azure App Services.
Environmen
t
Developmen
t
Test

QA
Production

Template Connection String
Server=tcp:sql-calctcdev.d3fcf7daf484.database.windows.net;Authentication=Active Directory
Interactive; Database=[DatabaseName];Application Name=[ApplicationName];
Server=tcp:sql-calctctest.d3fcf7daf484.database.windows.net;Authentication=Active Directory
Managed Identity; Database=[DatabaseName];Application
Name=[ApplicationName];
Server=tcp:sql-calctcqa.85bf8c0cdbc7.database.windows.net;Authentication=Active Directory Managed
Identity; Database=[DatabaseName];Application Name=[ApplicationName];
Server=tcp:sql-calctcprod.85bf8c0cdbc7.database.windows.net;Authentication=Active Directory

Page 1 of 4

Commission on Teacher Credentialing
Database Standards: Azure SQL Server Database Information
Managed Identity; Database=[DatabaseName];Application
Name=[ApplicationName];

Authentication Information
This information explains the following authentication scenarios typically used to access
the Commission’s Azure SQL databases.




How to access Azure SQL Server databases using SQL Server Management Studio
How database connections are established in systems in the Development
environment (Visual Studio/IIS Express)
How systems running in Azure App Services authenticate/connect to databases

SQL Server Management Studio
To access databases using SQL Server Management Studio, developers must specify the
Microsoft Entra MFA as the authentication type and enter their UPN (User Principal
Name, e.g., mike.reagan@ctc.ca.gov) for the User name field. Leave all other options as
defaults.

Page 2 of 4

Commission on Teacher Credentialing
Database Standards: Azure SQL Server Database Information
As a rule, all developer accounts are added to the Azure Security Group “sgApplicationDevelopers” which has full db_owner permissions on all databases. Some
databases, such as the Personnel Information Management System (PIMS) database,
contain confidential HR information, which has a dedicated “sgApplicationDevelopersPIMS” security group that developers must be members of to
access it. Please contact the IT Help Desk to manage the developer accounts in these
Azure Security Groups.

Development Environment with Visual Studio
Each of the project's appSettings.Development.json files' connection strings has been
configured to use Azure Active Directory Interactive authentication. While
running/debugging systems in Visual Studio/IIS Express, a browser window will launch
two tabs: the first for rendering the system, the second to display the Azure Active
Directory authentication dialog. If developers are already authenticated to Azure Active
Directory (typically), they can then choose the account they want to authenticate from a
list. This step is required for the system to obtain the necessary security context
needed to connect to the Azure SQL database.

Once the account is selected above, and authentication is successful, you will be
informed that you can safely close the tab.

Page 3 of 4

Commission on Teacher Credentialing
Database Standards: Azure SQL Server Database Information

Azure App Services Applications (Test, QA, and Production)
The Commission’s .NET web projects are hosted in Azure App Services and connect to
their respective databases using a feature of Azure called Managed Identities. Each App
Service has its own Azure Active Directory account, which is managed automatically by
Azure. These accounts are named the same as the App Service name, following the
standard naming convention (all lowercase characters): app-[AppAcronym][Environment] (e.g., app-pims-test). If a system has multiple web portals, then an App
Service is created for each portal, and the App Service names follow the convention app[AppAcronym]—[PortalName]-[Environment] (e.g., app-ecs-public-test, app-ecs-staff-test,
etc.). These accounts are added to their respective databases with the db_datareader and
db_datawriter roles, and are granted execute permissions on any stored procedures,
user-defined functions, and other database objects.

Page 4 of 4

