Commission on Teacher Credentialing
R4 Framework Components: Domain Model Standards

R4 Framework Components

Domain Model Standards
Revision Date: September 9, 2025
In R4 projects, there are two different kinds of Domain Models. Essentially, Domain
Models are containers of data that typically do not have any specific behaviors associated
with them at all. A good analogy would be to think of a Domain Model as a briefcase. A
briefcase typically contains documents, but it could also include other items; ultimately,
its function is to contain items, just like Domain Models.
Domain Model
A Domain Model contains one or more properties that can be used to satisfy
requirements to support a specific business operation. These kinds of Domain Models
may have properties that reference one or more domain models to create a complex
domain model. There may be instances when you need to make a Domain Model that
has properties that will contain data that will be saved to the database, as well as
“control” properties that affect the Save behavior (e.g., a Boolean property that indicates
whether to create additional related business records automatically).
Entity Domain Model
An Entity Domain Model represents a class that contains properties that are typically
mapped directly to properties of a corresponding data entity (data entities usually map
to the physical data structure in a database, like an Entity Framework-generated entity
model). Data annotation attributes can be added to the properties in a Domain Model.
Some attributes include Required and Display.

Guidelines


(SA-100) Create a separate domain model class per table/entity.



(SA-100) Use data annotation attributes for properties in the domain model.



(SA-100) Create an enumeration in the Enumeration.cs file for every SVT table.

Avoid hard-coding an integer value (ID of a record in an SVT table) in code;
instead, use the enumerations in the Enumerations.cs file.

Naming Standards
Domain Models


(SA-110) Each database entity/table should have its own domain model class

including SVTs.

Page 1 of 2

Commission on Teacher Credentialing
R4 Framework Components: Domain Model Standards



(SA-111) The name of each domain model class should be the name of the

entity/table suffixed with the word “Model”.


(SA-113) Avoid abbreviations.



(SA-114) Use Pascal Case (first letter in the first word and the first letter of each

subsequent concatenated word are capitalized).


(SA-115) Use alphanumeric characters only.



(SA-116) Use singular names.

Good Domain Model Class Name
Examples
ContactModel.cs
DocumentModel.cs
DocumentTypeSvtModel.cs

Poor Domain Model Class Name
Examples
contactModel.cs
DocModel.cs
DocTypeSVTModel.cs

Page 2 of 2

