0:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, sorry. No, I threw that into that.

0:00 - Unidentified Speaker
That's a lifesaver. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. And so we have a mini meeting tomorrow. Okay.

0:07 - Leslie Friend
With just like a couple of people to review some stuff. And then we have a big meeting on Friday. Um, so and this bigger meeting is is really the most important area.

0:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Because I some Like the the big stuff kind of ironed out right? Okay, and then we can kind of get into the the nitpicky um so There's a big part of me that just wants to talk through this with you and then give you kind of like a laundry list of things And see how far we can get. Um, you have about 24 hours So is that one tomorrow? Yes. So the little mini session is at one tomorrow.

0:58 - Leslie Friend
Um, so what would be that with the non-technical people again?

1:02 - Unidentified Speaker
That's what the non-technical people.

1:04 - Noah Gallego
Yeah.

1:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Perfect.

1:06 - Leslie Friend
Um, okay.

1:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:07 - Noah Gallego
Um, and you said, which would like, how do I, how do I want to get the information? Yeah.

1:12 - Leslie Friend
So, um, there's kind of some, um, there's some big flaws. Things that I think I want you to work on changing around for tomorrow's meeting. Okay.

1:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, if you'd like I could share my screen and we can walk through it or you have a better way in mind.

1:34 - Unidentified Speaker
How about I drive and you listen and then ask me questions because I think that'll be easier. Fair deal. And you're recording, right?

1:44 - Leslie Friend
Yes, I have notes.

1:46 - Noah Gallego
I have a notepad open from my end. But also the Read AI as well.

1:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Are you saying reporting the meeting?

1:52 - Leslie Friend
No, for your Read AI. I think I see it. I just want to make sure you have it.

1:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, yes, I am. Okay, thanks.

2:02 - Leslie Friend
So I'm looking at this a little different because when we say reporting, there's really two types of reporting. There's the reporting that the LEA and IHE are going to fill out. At the end of their term with the students, but then there's also reporting that the CTC folks are gonna do for reporting on the whole of the program to their internal stakeholders, okay?

2:30 - Unidentified Speaker
So because of that, I'm thinking of this in a different way.

2:34 - Leslie Friend
So this to me feels like a lot of like analytics and reporting metrics, which is great.

2:46 - Unidentified Speaker
So what I would like us to do is create for the CTC staff an analytics tab.

2:55 - Leslie Friend
And in that analytics tab, we want to put things like the budget overview. We want to put grant, where is it at?

3:10 - Unidentified Speaker
submissions.

3:17 - Leslie Friend
So you have them as like application process, but let's call it like grant submissions.

3:23 - Unidentified Speaker
So basically what we're saying is like 393 students of which 391 have been approved, right? So really we're looking at like where we're at with the actual grant and the students that have applied and been approved. Okay. I remember seeing that. I'm sorry. No, go ahead.

3:45 - Noah Gallego
Sorry. Because I remember seeing in the meeting that application was kind of a confusing term, not the most recent one. I haven't, I haven't got around to that one, but the previous one, I remember application was kind of a confusing term. So I can, I can change that over. I can, I can figure out the right phrasing for that, but I'm sorry, what are you saying? No, you're good.

4:05 - Leslie Friend
and then the Program outcomes, which was like a really interesting Where's it at View analytics, okay Like this shit is great Right.

4:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah program outcomes. I mean, this is great for an analytics tab.

4:31 - Leslie Friend
What I want is a full analytics tab that all CTC staff can go to that has, yeah, again, budget overview, the grant submissions, the program outcomes, like this kind of stuff, the hours tracking.

4:48 - Unidentified Speaker
I called it the grantee reporting metrics, but you have it as just reporting metrics.

4:58 - Leslie Friend
But really what we're trying to see is, The grantee equals the LEA because they're the ones that are going to be receiving the money to distribute to the student teachers, right?

5:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. So these grantee reporting metrics are really going to be important.

5:13 - Leslie Friend
And then the financial, the financial summary here that has like,

5:23 - Leslie Friend
Okay.

5:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, that makes sense.

5:24 - Noah Gallego
So what you're saying is kind of enhance the current reporting tab to include all the, the analytics that are on the other tabs, but move them out of those pages is what you're saying. Yeah.

5:33 - Leslie Friend
Cause from a high level perspective, I'm, I'm starting to think about the user experience. Okay.

5:39 - Unidentified Speaker
So if I'm a grants person and I'm clicking into this, I'm like, this is a fuck ton of information.

5:45 - Leslie Friend
Like it's so much, right?

5:47 - Unidentified Speaker
It's not a bad thing. It's not a bad thing, but I think the less... You want it to be intuitive. And I know like when I get on a website like this, if it's like a textbook, It's it's overwhelming.

5:58 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, so what I want us to do So I actually don't want to put I went back and forth and I'm open to your feedback What you think is better, but I have actually I have my My feedback is to create an analytics tab that has all the stuff that we were just talking about, right?

6:19 - Unidentified Speaker
I have a list for you that I'll give you of all the stuff I want included in there but then I also would like us to use this reporting tab, but instead of using it for LEA report tracking, I want us to reconfigure that to be a place where CTC can go in and create their own internal reports.

6:42 - Unidentified Speaker
And the way that they want to do reporting, I know it sounds crazy, but they want to basically have like a customizable reporting engine that they can pull arbitrary free information from

6:56 - Leslie Friend
Okay.

6:56 - Noah Gallego
Um, what information are they wanting to pull into?

6:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Like what, what would you like housed in this reporting section for CTC specifically?

7:04 - Leslie Friend
So all the, all the stuff that is required, we want them to be like, theoretically, I want them to be able to pull a demographic report. For their LEAs. I want them to pull, I want them to be able to like customize whatever information they want. Okay.

7:30 - Unidentified Speaker
So you want it so that they can essentially create their own report.

7:34 - Noah Gallego
So like, if there's like some like data source, you want them to just be able just to kind of pull whatever they like from there. And that changes on a per visit basis kind of Yeah. So kind of like query.

7:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

7:47 - Leslie Friend
Kind of a query because we Hey Are there like four like three to four reports? That you would want as just kind of a static that you could just like click it and it generates it for you Or do you want it fully customizable?

8:03 - Unidentified Speaker
And they were like well Yes, and we need both but okay, they were like depending on the time of the year And who the stakeholder is they're gonna want really? Really different information.

8:17 - Leslie Friend
And so I'd like us to start with, so Nathan and I talked about this, we'd like to start with an opportunity for them to customize the report in whatever way they want and then use that to get information out of them of what the two to three standard reports are going to look like, Cause I think they have it in their minds, right?

8:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, but they're, they're just not putting it. Okay.

8:46 - Noah Gallego
So, uh, if I could jump in for a second, so you're saying there's, there's three reports, which are like kind of like go-to reports, but then maybe they get queried some sort of information, um, based on who's, who's viewing it. So like you mentioned, different stakeholders will want to look at different things. Um, okay.

9:03 - Unidentified Speaker
No, that's, um, that's cool.

9:05 - Noah Gallego
I was also thinking, I don't know if there's something that I'd be open to, And you can push back if it's if it's out there, but I don't know what type of like what a report will look like if they want like a PDF or they want some like Excel output or or they just want like a statistic. But like something that I did in Apple, which I think is really cool is there's like the ability to search with natural language. Of course, using AI like I don't know how open and if there's privacy issues that they'd be worried about. But if you could, if they could like, query with natural language, I think that they'd be pretty impressed with that. But that's just me throwing an idea out there. That's something that's of course, new technology, but it's really cool and it works. I love doing that stuff. So I think it's cool to even know that we have the capability to do something like that.

9:52 - Unidentified Speaker
For this first iteration, let's stick with more analog, but flag it because if Nathan feels like that's something that's not like over serving in this first phase, or like, then let's do it. Like I'm open to it.

10:11 - Leslie Friend
I think it's great.

10:12 - Unidentified Speaker
I just don't know what Nathan's going to say about that from like a technical perspective. So we'll have to check with him. But flag it because I don't want to lose that idea. I think it's a cool idea. Okay, yeah, fair enough.

10:22 - Noah Gallego
Yeah, no, I can bug Nathan about that too. But that just came to mind. So I wanted to stick out it is it is kind of like a, it's definitely a stretch goal. But I want to it out there. Because I was like, I mean, of course, from the dinner, I mean, the overreaching goal is to make the customer happy. And I feel like that'd be pretty cool to have. Yeah, again, it's just, it's just, oh, speak of the devil. Oh, speak of the devil. There he is.

10:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, Nathan.

10:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, maybe he's busy.

10:52 - Noah Gallego
But um, okay, I'll bug him with that question later. Um, okay, cool. All right. I was I was muted.

10:56 - Nathan Mayer
Hey, Just, I was out to lunch with Jacob and it went long, sorry about that. But, so I'm on my phone. That's okay, that's okay.

11:06 - Unidentified Speaker
We were just talking smack about you, but in like a really positive way.

11:10 - Unidentified Speaker
That's what I'm here for, yeah. Everybody wants a punching bag. No, no, no, no.

11:16 - Unidentified Speaker
No, it's more like a hugging bag, Nathan.

11:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Like, we just want to hug you, you know?

11:20 - Leslie Friend
I'm good.

11:20 - Unidentified Speaker
All right, I can see the screen though, so I am on my phone.

11:25 - Nathan Mayer
I can, I can follow along. Okay.

11:27 - Unidentified Speaker
So Noah's got a, Noah's got an interesting idea.

11:30 - Leslie Friend
Um, and we were literally just kind of putting it to bed and saying, Hey, maybe not for this round. Maybe we do it a little more analog and then talk to Nathan about it later.

11:41 - Unidentified Speaker
But, um, I'll kind of open it up so Noah can ask again.

11:44 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, I'll shoot it over.

11:46 - Noah Gallego
So, um, we were speaking that, that, um, we, we kind of want a general reporting tab where, um, there'll be three or so go-to reports that some sort of stakeholder can click to generate, but then also it's almost customizable in the sense where they can get different statistics based on who's viewing that information. I don't know if this is too far out, but I was just pitching an idea because I thought it's cool and I've done this work at Apple, but maybe there could be a natural language to a SQL query or we can do some sort like semantic search of some sort kind of like some like AI powered insight. I don't know if that's something you thought was cool or if it's there's like a PII aspect that that they wouldn't like or and from a technical perspective I want to see what you thought but if the overall goal is to delight the customer I thought that would be a cool feature and I think they'd be impressed.

12:41 - Nathan Mayer
Yeah I think it's definitely so I was talking to Leslie reporting is something that I see the custom reporting is something that I see as a a version two deliverable that's easy to like upsell on. And so I think, yes, I think that basically any customizable reporting tool today should have an AI powered natural language interface. Cause it's just so easy for large language models to write SQL or, you know, structured Jason that converts into a SQL query.

13:14 - Unidentified Speaker
So I think, yes, we should have that, but it's something get a lot of user feedback on and then plan on building, you know, in May or July or something like that. Yeah, totally. Okay. Yeah, that's, that's awesome.

13:31 - Noah Gallego
Because I was thinking, like you mentioned, like, it's a new technology, but I mean, it's not that hard to implement. And I think any of those like dashboards would be would be totally enhanced if they if they had, or I mean, reporting tools to be enhanced if there's a natural language capability to it. I think, especially, I mean, from a customer perspective, that would be really cool to have, I'm sure, from their end.

13:53 - Nathan Mayer
Well, non-technical people can build more expressive reports, which is a good sell.

14:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, absolutely. Okay, very cool. That's something that just came to mind when she was talking about it, so it's perfect that you joined.

14:08 - Unidentified Speaker
You joined literally right as we were talking about it, so that's perfect. I knew somebody was talking about me, so my nose Yeah, your ears are ringing.

14:18 - Leslie Friend
So Nathan, before we keep moving, just to kind of catch you up on how I'm thinking about this or how I've been talking to Noah.

14:28 - Unidentified Speaker
So I think we have a really good opportunity to really simplify this and focus it in on like the human experience and what they're going to be caring about.

14:39 - Leslie Friend
And so I suggested to Noah I I really want your feedback if this is insane but I've kind of been peeling this back for the last couple hours I'm like okay how would I want to see it if I'm if I'm them right so I actually was considering this what I asked Noah to do for this next iteration is actually pull out an analytics tab under CTC staff and move a lot of this bigger information here over over to that tab.

15:11 - Unidentified Speaker
So that it really is its own little Houston, so to speak.

15:15 - Leslie Friend
And the reason for that too, is because like, there's a lot of this stuff here.

15:20 - Noah Gallego
Hold on, where is it at?

15:24 - Unidentified Speaker
It's like, Noah, where's the one where it was like, all the detailed reporting? Oh, sure.

15:36 - Noah Gallego
So you click on Are you already on? Okay, you're on the reporting tab and then are you saying like all the metric? Yeah, where was all that? That is I believe it's in reporting and then oh my gosh, it was just there.

15:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Um, oh There we go, so there is At the bottom, there we go. I was trying to find myself.

15:58 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, that's that's a good example of things being hard to find Yeah, but it's like buried right and so my feedback to Noah Nathan was, hey, let's actually just have an analytics tab where they could quickly go and see this very specific information that's really helpful for them to get like a quick view, right?

16:19 - Leslie Friend
Where I wasn't sure, and I went back and forth on this. I'm totally open from what you guys think. I was just trying to, again, simplify it. At first, my brain was like, oh, well, then naturally the reporting ought to be with analytics. So then it's reporting and analytics, and there's almost a button at the top that says generate report, right, based on all these analytics.

16:43 - Unidentified Speaker
And then that takes them to that customizable, you know, reporting engine that we were talking about with them.

16:52 - Leslie Friend
Where I landed was that that actually might be too cumbersome, that might be too much for them in one tab, and so I divorced it said okay we'll have an analytics tab that shows a lot of this quick hit type of stuff and then a reporting tab but instead of having this be reporting as it relates to what the LEA and IHE are delivering instead this reporting tab is really reconfigured to be where the CTC gets to go and generate their their reports for their internal stakeholders and the reason I did that or the The reason I was thinking that way, Nathan, is because from my understanding after that meeting we had yesterday with them, the

17:39 - Unidentified Speaker
reporting almost operates like an application because nothing's going to happen if whether or not they report or don't report.

17:47 - Leslie Friend
So it's if we have the system sending, if we have the system sending reminders for the LEAs to report and they can pull a reports about what LEAs have reported and what haven't, I'm not sure it's really necessary to build out a whole part of this, like, dashboard that shows where the LEAs have reported. Does that make sense? Like, said differently, the information that's going to be gathered from the reporting is going to probably be with the other information from the submissions anyway, so then it just becomes a holistic, almost analytics thing instead of two separate parts of the process. Does that make sense?

18:32 - Nathan Mayer
That was a lot to follow.

18:34 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm not sure I have a clear picture of what's different there.

18:43 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, so reporting, so the way that this makes it look is that the LEA's report, the reporting part for the LEA, is very important for CTC.

18:59 - Unidentified Speaker
It warrants its own tab.

19:01 - Leslie Friend
That's what we're saying here, right? I actually don't think after talking to them yesterday, that's actually the case. Because when we asked the question, what happens when they don't report? They said, well, it's just not great. And so it's something that they want to know, but it doesn't sound like it warrants all of this information, right?

19:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, not from a CTC view.

19:28 - Nathan Mayer
Yeah, I would say that.

19:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

19:30 - Nathan Mayer
Reporting is an action on the LEAs and IHEs, not so much on CTC to track and manage it separately from the application. Yes, correct.

19:41 - Leslie Friend
So my thought here was, instead of having a whole reporting analytics, because right now it's anchored to the LEAs, this, this tab. Instead, reconfigure this to be a reporting tab for the CTC to generate reports for their internal stakeholders.

20:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah.

20:05 - Leslie Friend
And then the stuff like this, you know, grantee reporting metrics, right? 13 submitted 385 outstanding actually goes into the analytics tab because it's just as, it's on the same kind of playing field of information as all the other information that would be in the analytics tab. It's not less or more, right?

20:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I'm aligned with that.

20:33 - Leslie Friend
Okay, cool. So Noah, does that make sense, what we're talking about here?

20:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, totally. That makes sense.

20:40 - Leslie Friend
So kind of separating that analytics component so that those kind of have like metrics per se and kind of move some of that information out of those dashboards so it's there's there's less to navigate yeah so the purpose of the analytics tab is to look at the look at the where we're at with all the information right almost like a like a houston dashboard this reporting that this reporting tab the purpose of it is now going to be where a CTC could, a grants team member could land here or a fiscal team member could land here and generate their own report based on all the information and data that we have captured in the system.

21:25 - Noah Gallego
Okay. Fair deal. And then I did want to ask, so if you click like that, view all reports, but on this current view. This guy? Yes, that guy right there. This kind of has like, kind of like an overreaching view where you can see all these reports submitted by IHEs and and LEAs and so on because in the in the previous previous meeting they mentioned that they wanted to see some of that information that the IHEs and LEAs could say or see so where would you where would you kind of like this view and I understand that the the function of the of the new reporting tab that's that's the broken student but if you go to a I think Sarah Johnson works.

22:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

22:10 - Noah Gallego
So would you like this information in a different place or what are your thoughts on that? So from my understanding, we don't actually need student level reporting view.

22:23 - Nathan Mayer
The CTC team apparently will never consume reporting results at a student level.

22:32 - Unidentified Speaker
They will only ever view things at an aggregated level.

22:36 - Nathan Mayer
like a dashboard that shows like reporting statistics per LEA potentially, or we could have reports that we generate that contain this information, but we don't need a breakdown per student of reporting results.

22:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Okay. Fair enough.

22:55 - Noah Gallego
That works perfect. Yeah.

22:57 - Leslie Friend
Good question though, Noah, because I think that what we're talking about displaces some of the buildup that you have in other areas.

23:04 - Unidentified Speaker
So that's, it's good, good questions to be asking. Sure. Yeah, absolutely.

23:09 - Noah Gallego
Um, I'm walking through this with you on, on my end and I'm just, I'm just trying to, to make sure I understand all this so we can get all this built out as soon as, as soon as we can here. Yeah, perfect.

23:19 - Leslie Friend
So, okay. So let's talk about from like a general standpoint, a fiscal, a fiscal team member. So we got the analytics tab talked about, we talked, we talked about the reporting. We're clear on that. So generally speaking. When a fiscal person or a grants team member comes to this page, I really think we only need a couple pieces of information. And Nathan, feel free to push back on me, but I'm thinking we only have, hey, like grants team, here are the action items that you have in front of you. And then it's three LEA applications awaiting review.

24:03 - Leslie Friend
And then it's three, you know, DocuSign or GAA approvals waiting for your review or something like that, right? It's based on what actions they're going to need to take. And I think the biggest one is just approvals for the, aren't student applications also, they're LEA applications, but language, but I just want to make sure we're clear on that.

24:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep, that looks perfect.

24:37 - Leslie Friend
And I think honestly, the implication there, if they have this as an action item, I'm not really sure if they need this box. It feels a little duplicative to me.

24:47 - Noah Gallego
Yeah, it's repetitive because the review queue will end up leading to the same place. And also, now that we're on this topic, if you scroll or actually if you click review for one of those applications.

24:59 - Unidentified Speaker
This one? Yes. OK.

25:04 - Noah Gallego
That will lead you down to kind of like a student level if you scroll down. So out of curiosity, what Nathan just said is it'll never view things on a student level. So is that information still needed down here?

25:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Or is that something we can kind of close off? No.

25:22 - Leslie Friend
needed because application equals like a batch. So the way this is going to work, Noah, is in the month of November, an LEA can submit five students or 10 students or 20 students or 500 students in the month of November, right? And November one to November 30th is a batch. And if a student then gets put in in December 1st, that starts a whole other batch for December. So when they're reviewing these, they are reviewing the batch, but the student information theoretically can be wrong. And so we want to make sure that they are approving all of the students within that batch. Does that make sense? So we will need to see it at that level. Is my understanding.

26:18 - Noah Gallego
Sure so CTC will approve that information. Yes.

26:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Are you sure though that we need student information for that Leslie?

26:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Like if there were let's say there are 20 students that have come in during the month that haven't been paid for yet.

26:33 - Nathan Mayer
Why would they need to see student level information for those 20 students in order to be able to know that they need to disperse you know $20,000 the LEA?

26:40 - Leslie Friend
I thought So my understanding was they wanted to, like someone still needed to be the rubber stamp.

26:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. And so, yeah.

26:54 - Leslie Friend
So they would still want access to the individual student information in case there's a discrepancy?

27:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Question mark? You're right. I remember that now.

27:04 - Nathan Mayer
That's correct.

27:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

27:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

27:06 - Leslie Friend
Cause I think that was a big discussion that we had Noah. It was really interesting.

27:10 - Unidentified Speaker
We kept saying, okay, well then they're going to do this.

27:13 - Leslie Friend
they're gonna do this and at one point someone I can't remember who said but isn't the system doing that like isn't that the whole point of the system that the system is checking all the individual like the seed information the COC it's like all the stuff and then I actually think it was you Nathan that said yeah but what I'm hearing is that you still need who's adding the rubber stamp and so I think I think we'll have to have that that student level access when the application excuse me when the batch Is being reviewed and finally approved.

27:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah Okay, totally that makes sense. Okay, cool.

27:51 - Noah Gallego
That was just a question.

27:52 - Unidentified Speaker
I had to see if that information is good question It's a good question So, um I don't I don't know So here's here's a thought that I had also Noah from like a design standpoint because yeah In my mind, I was like, oh, if I had a choice between this show of action item and this show of action items, I would choose this one because it's a lot clearer.

28:20 - Leslie Friend
I have all the information I need. I can review it.

28:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Because we're trying to limit the number of clicks they have to do, right?

28:28 - Leslie Friend
But my concern with using this view is that right now, they have three LEAs. But what happens when they have 300 LEAs that require review?

28:40 - Unidentified Speaker
This gets real long real fast.

28:43 - Noah Gallego
What we could do as well as we get kind of headed and throw show the first end number of of people and then we can say like see all or something if you prefer that kind of view.

28:54 - Unidentified Speaker
That makes sense. So it's like it's still it doesn't stretch the page a ton.

29:01 - Noah Gallego
That's an option we could do or if you or if you kind of want the other option we could do as well or we could sort them by due date and that or if there if there is a due date to them well actually there is because you said on a monthly basis so we could do that what like I know I'm curious to hear your thoughts on that but I think that could be an option as well.

29:22 - Leslie Friend
Okay then I think I have pretty specific thoughts on this and I did write all this down for you to know that I'll send you but I think we're going to get rid of the priority call because the priority is equal to the date, the submission date, because the only reason they wouldn't get it is because there's no funding. And so then we'd have to go back to the date and be like, well, we submitted first to receive funding.

29:54 - Unidentified Speaker
So no priority column.

29:57 - Leslie Friend
We actually want this first column to be submission date.

30:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

30:04 - Leslie Friend
And then instead of application, we can remove that column. And instead of description, we can put LEA.

30:16 - Noah Gallego
Like LEA and then IHE should be a column, is what you're saying?

30:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I think we can do, yeah.

30:26 - Leslie Friend
The IHE isn't necessarily as important, but let's Let's let's start there. Let's say the first column should be submission date. The second column should be LEA and the third column should be IHE. And then the action, the action should be review button.

30:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, perfect.

30:48 - Noah Gallego
Okay. Yeah, fair deal. We can do that. Okay.

30:51 - Leslie Friend
And then this, this term, yeah, yeah, that's right.

30:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool. Okay.

31:02 - Leslie Friend
I don't think we need... I don't know if we actually need to keep this, the application with pending students, so let's just keep it for now, unless Nathan thinks that it's necessary to get rid of, but I'm just not clear on it, so I don't want to get rid of it if we know it's not necessary. Yeah.

31:25 - Noah Gallego
that information can be seen by reviewing it, but I don't know if this is something you wanted kind of like a top level, if that makes sense.

31:35 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, and actually I don't think this matters because like we said, if there's pending students, it's not that they're not going to, it's not that they're not going Yeah, let's leave this here, Noah.

31:56 - Unidentified Speaker
But let's put the first column as submission date, the next column as LEA.

32:06 - Unidentified Speaker
And then the total students is fine. The pending and approved is fine.

32:13 - Leslie Friend
And the last modified, I think, is fine for now.

32:21 - Noah Gallego
Okay, so just have the date as the first column and then basically keep everything else.

32:28 - Leslie Friend
Date as the first column. The date is the first column and then LEA is second column.

32:42 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, sorry. Doesn't need to be included.

32:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Yeah.

32:46 - Noah Gallego
So we'll chop IHE.

32:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

32:50 - Leslie Friend
And then the fiscal team, so similar to the grants team, is going to have their own action items. So this is the correct, we want to make it the same as the grants, just different language. So for the fiscal team, the thing that's going to be important is what you have here, students 1172 ready for GAAP processing, and then I I think what we want to do is we want to, where's it at?

33:32 - Leslie Friend
And then we want to have some sort of like, section where it's like, the GA has been signed, right? Because they've sent out the DocuSign, and then now these are ready for invoice generation. So it would be fiscal team action items, 1,000 approved students ready for GA processing, 1,000 students ready for invoice generation, or invoicing, or something like that.

34:10 - Noah Gallego
I'm sorry, can you repeat that language one more time?

34:14 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, so.

34:15 - Noah Gallego
Oh, because I got that. So on that on that kind of view right there, you said you want to like a thousand students ready for GAA processing and then a thousand or a hundred completed or so or did I miss something there?

34:29 - Leslie Friend
No, I think we want to know the action items. So the actions that they are going to take Once these are approved here, then they basically pop down to the fiscal team, and then the fiscal team is alerted that, okay, Grant's team has approved these 1,100 students, right?

34:53 - Unidentified Speaker
And so now these folks are ready for GAAs, right? Okay.

34:58 - Leslie Friend
And then they're going to generate the GAA. They're going to get the DocuSign set up.

35:05 - Unidentified Speaker
They're going to send that out to the LEA.

35:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Is going to sign the DocuSign and then click it back.

35:13 - Unidentified Speaker
And then another action item goes into the fiscal team's queue to say, Hey, this person just signed the GAA or excuse me, just signed the DocuSign.

35:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Now they're ready to, now we're ready to generate the invoice for that student. Does that make sense? Okay.

35:30 - Noah Gallego
Yeah, that makes sense.

35:35 - Leslie Friend
And actually, Nathan, this would also be at the LEA level too, right? We're not talking about the student level anymore once we get to this point, because it's payment. Yeah, that's correct.

35:47 - Nathan Mayer
I think we'll need to reframe our thinking on some of this around those batches. So like how we define a batch of students will become the primary unit that our CTC partners are actually working with. They're not going to be working at the student level in any of these things, not for GAAs, not for generating invoices for the fiscal system, not for approvals. Like they might want to be able to audit the students, but that's more just for like their compliance responsibilities. They don't actually care about any of that information unless there's like glaring errors that the system has already caught.

36:28 - Nathan Mayer
So yeah, we're going to be operating for CTC across all of these at like a batch of students level.

36:35 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, but we don't have language for what that batch is yet, so we don't really know what the unit is that's moving through the system.

36:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Is that right what you're saying?

36:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I would.

36:46 - Nathan Mayer
I would say we could.

36:50 - Nathan Mayer
We should give a little thought to what that language should be. I don't think the CTC team has a language for that either. Yeah.

36:59 - Nathan Mayer
You could call it a cohort or a student group or a disbursement group or something like that. But it'd be good to come up with a term that they like and understand and then start introducing that language into the mock-up.

37:22 - Leslie Friend
I like disbursement group. It's like long and kind of annoying. But I like that because it sounds like it's important to anchor it to the payment and the payment is a disbursement, you know?

37:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, the whole reason we're grouping them at all is because Sarah doesn't want to have to write checks a month for a single eligible. Which is valid.

37:51 - Leslie Friend
So let's just, why don't we choose that language for now if we if we three can agree, then we can gut check it.

37:58 - Unidentified Speaker
So let's say, let's say, yeah, because this is at the student level, Noah, right? This one is at the batch level. So we want it to be a one-to-one. So if this is three, Disbursement, what do we call it?

38:25 - Leslie Friend
Disbursement group?

38:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Disbursement group, yeah.

38:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Disbursement group, okay.

38:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, three disbursement groups waiting for review.

38:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

38:35 - Leslie Friend
And then this would be, okay, so the disbursement group gets approved, and then it clicks into here, and then this would say three disbursement groups ready for GAA processing and then three disbursement groups ready for invoice.

38:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

38:56 - Noah Gallego
Cause the invoicing would then be the payment submitted to the fiscal team and then it gets sent out on the, on the basis.

39:05 - Unidentified Speaker
That's right. Yeah. Okay. Because they create the, the GAA. I can't, I can't, I can't stand GAA. So we're going to say GAA. So they create the GAA. Right.

39:18 - Leslie Friend
Then that GAA gets sent via DocuSign. The LEA signs it via DocuSign, then they get a notification that it's been completed, and then they go in to whatever that thing is, and they key in the PO number and add an invoice, like they generate an invoice similar to how they generated the GAA back here yeah okay perfect that sounds great with me okay awesome and then um I don't think for now we need reporting so let's make sure I think everything that we talked about is going to be placed elsewhere now by removing reporting okay yeah because I'm looking at the the figma doc on my end too and says so the the payments distributed And then the IHE and the LEA are

40:16 - Noah Gallego
alerted to fill out those reports. And then the grants team is pinged that IHE and LEA reports are available. So where would those be on the grant side?

40:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

40:28 - Leslie Friend
So my understanding is we just misunderstood what they meant by that.

40:33 - Unidentified Speaker
So the process step is correct.

40:36 - Leslie Friend
But I think we thought that this report was like super important. And it is, but I think in my mind, the way that I wrote this is I was like, oh, they have to get these reports and deliver them to someone. That's not the case.

40:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Okay. That makes sense.

40:55 - Leslie Friend
Reporting, I think just held a very heavier, a much heavier weight in my mind for what the LEAs and IHEs were going to follow up. Said differently, we can say, you know, LEA and IHE provide follow-up information.

41:10 - Unidentified Speaker
that really makes these individual submissions kind of whole.

41:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Does that make sense? Yep. That makes sense. That makes perfect sense. Nathan, were you going to say something?

41:19 - Unidentified Speaker
I saw you go blue.

41:22 - Leslie Friend
No.

41:23 - Nathan Mayer
Okay.

41:23 - Leslie Friend
Excellent. So for now, Noah, let's go ahead and remove this reporting off of their dash. And then Nathan, I'm curious your thoughts here. This feels like a lot to keep on this I'm not sure if it's necessary, but I do think it could be helpful to have the budget utilization stay So that they could visually see like very quickly. Oh shit. We have 90% that is spent Yes.

41:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I agree.

41:55 - Nathan Mayer
I Think you could maybe just expand the budget utilization a little bit to include numbers, too Okay, maybe over the top of the bar have like a dollar value something like that. Or maybe on hover or something like that.

42:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, that would work too.

42:11 - Nathan Mayer
Basically, like it doesn't even have to be super precise numbers. It could be like 25 M for millions, you know. But having some way to indicate like what scale they're working with.

42:29 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, yeah, I think that less, less complexity in your default.

42:35 - Nathan Mayer
It's good to have a number for how much they have left of the grant money in the grant view, but that should be a very, it should be minimalist. We don't need a lot of information on that. We basically just need a very simple way to say, okay, we have $4 million left to allocate for this grant. Yeah.

43:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

43:01 - Leslie Friend
And I think actually what we need, so TLDR, Noah, we're getting rid of this, right?

43:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Yeah. You have everything else going on the chopping block besides that little stack at the bottom.

43:15 - Leslie Friend
But I think what we're going to want is we're going to want the, I want, I think this is, this ought to reflect encumbered. Um, Sorry, appropriated, encumbered, and disbursed. Those are the three that we want on here.

43:32 - Noah Gallego
Appropriated, encumbered, so that will stay, and then disbursed. Okay, so the only thing really changing is that first column, if you could call it that, is appropriated.

43:49 - Leslie Friend
Actually, because appropriated is start with, they should know, right? The two most important are encumbered and dispersed.

44:02 - Nathan Mayer
I think remaining is pretty important. Nobody wants to do math, so.

44:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, maybe it's those three. That's probably fair.

44:19 - Leslie Friend
Encumbered, Dispersed and remaining Okay, and then you know what honestly If we can just go with numbers Noah instead of the percentages, let's just start with numbers and see how they react to it Okay. Yeah Yeah, and I don't know how you would build this I'm open to how you do it But I think that for this particular group the dollar amount is more important than the percentage Yeah. Okay.

44:48 - Unidentified Speaker
That's, that's fair enough.

44:49 - Noah Gallego
And then like, like Nathan was talking about, maybe there could be, um, but like on hover, like when your mouse goes over it, you could see like a percentage or something along those lines, but okay. But yeah, I could, I could default to, to, to finite values here. Okay.

45:05 - Leslie Friend
And then, um, okay, so we're good there. Good there.

45:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. And then we go to IHE portal.

45:15 - Leslie Friend
So all of this then should not go away, but this is like, yeah, the statistics and outcomes.

45:35 - Leslie Friend
This could be, I don't think we're scoped, Nathan, to do a dashboard for the LEA IAG, is that right?

45:49 - Nathan Mayer
Scoped is relative.

45:53 - Nathan Mayer
I don't think that they would view that as a hard requirement. I think we should be open to building something like that. But it's something that can very easily wait. It's cheap to hold off on pretty reporting dashboards until after April.

46:09 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

46:10 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, because I think in my mind, I'm like, well, that would be really nice for them to also have an analytics tab instead of having it all here. Like, I don't think this really makes sense, but I don't, but I also haven't heard anything about that. Like, no one's mentioned and needing an analytics tab for these guys, so.

46:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Well, so I'm confused.

46:35 - Nathan Mayer
Is the IHE dashboard for the IHE or is it for CTC?

46:41 - Unidentified Speaker
No, sorry, we're down on the IHE LEA now.

46:45 - Nathan Mayer
Yeah, so wouldn't the IHE portal be viewed by the IHE?

46:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

46:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Not by CTC, okay, just making sure.

46:52 - Nathan Mayer
Yeah, yeah, sorry. The fact that we even have like four IHEs in the dashboard is a little confusing, because like, they'd only be able to see their own information actually.

47:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, okay, yeah.

47:05 - Leslie Friend
I honestly think what we could do, because it's such, Such fewer pieces of it's such fewer data. I do actually think if it's the IHE Maybe we maybe this is impossible We can't do this, but I think it would be really nice for them to see like oh as an IHE we have 393 candidates Yeah, our submissions.

47:29 - Noah Gallego
Yeah, that looked like it was a hallucination down at the bottom But yeah, I see what you mean that this should just show on like an individual IHE Basis not not on like a they're seeing information that they're not scoped to see so that that makes sense Yeah, but as far as like statistics go At the top. Did you did you just want to see like like two or three?

47:50 - Leslie Friend
hypothetical statistics or or These guys up here this down here.

47:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, the first one. Yeah, I think we'll have so again we're not calling at this point the IHE is not thinking of it as an application they're gonna to think about it like you have it up here with submitting candidates. So I think we can keep this at the candidate view.

48:12 - Leslie Friend
Like, hey, we have 393 candidates that have been submitted, two under review, 391 approved. I think those three things are really helpful.

48:25 - Unidentified Speaker
And then have like a submit candidates up here. The other, and then I think we can, mix all program statistics and outcomes.

48:37 - Noah Gallego
Yep. Okay. That can go.

48:40 - Unidentified Speaker
And then I think we actually do want to keep the post payment reporting section so that they can, because they are required to report, they have a due date, but theoretically they could get in at any time. And fill out that reporting information.

49:03 - Leslie Friend
So we do want that available at all times for them to be able to get in.

49:09 - Unidentified Speaker
So I think the post-payment reporting, the 131 funded candidates is really helpful to have here. The 131 reports due is kind of actionable, so I think that that's going to be really helpful.

49:24 - Leslie Friend
And then I guess if we want to keep in progress and submitted, that's fine, but we can go.

49:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Approved can go.

49:44 - Noah Gallego
Okay.

49:47 - Unidentified Speaker
So for the actions, you know how, like at the other one for the other ones, right.

49:51 - Leslie Friend
We have like the action items.

49:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

49:55 - Leslie Friend
So action items would be up at the top here. And the action items would be submit, you know, it could be a submit candidates, but that feels like a continuous action item.

50:10 - Unidentified Speaker
And then we do want an action item once there is at least, you know, one funded candidate, we will want an action item that says reports required so that they can click start reports.

50:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Does that make sense?

50:27 - Noah Gallego
That makes sense. You're talking about adding a new kind of like module here that looks similar to the ones on the CTC side.

50:35 - Unidentified Speaker
That's right. Yeah.

50:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

50:37 - Noah Gallego
Yeah, I can do that.

50:41 - Leslie Friend
Nathan, any thoughts there?

50:44 - Nathan Mayer
Nope.

50:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Looking good.

50:46 - Leslie Friend
Perfect. So are we good with IHE NOAA?

50:52 - Noah Gallego
Yep, that that sounds perfect with me.

50:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Um Actually, let me so I do want to check one last thing I do think to know actually just to confirm the draft is really helpful because Theoretically an ihe can go in on like november 5th, right? They can start but not complete it.

51:11 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, so we do want that to be like Open and then maybe there is a a notification somewhere or an action I don't know if we can do this, but put a rule that says, Hey, we're getting, you know, on the 25th of every month. I don't know if there's an open or a, excuse me, if there's a draft submission, then like they need to go back in.

51:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

51:37 - Noah Gallego
Maybe, maybe like email, like you have X X drafts or X non-completed applications or something like that.

51:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, totally. That makes sense. Um, I did want to, I, I'm sorry.

51:49 - Leslie Friend
Sorry, just to real quick underscore as a reminder, I H E's, um, application is not the word here.

51:56 - Unidentified Speaker
These are all submit camp is submitted candidates. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense.

52:03 - Noah Gallego
And then on the very bottom, I know this is as well, another, another instance of incorrect phrasing, but, um, at the very bottom of that view, um, is that something But I know the phrasing's wrong, but did you want to see like That kind of view or or is that that's something I can go on the the chopping block Uh Nathan I'm curious about your opinion, but I kind of like this Yeah, no one and the reason for that is because they can see it by the lea partner And so they can see okay.

52:35 - Leslie Friend
I just submitted all these candidates. This is almost how they break out um I we can very easily change this, Noah, to your submissions?

52:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, your submissions, yeah. But I don't know, Nathan, do you have a problem with that?

52:51 - Nathan Mayer
No, I think that once we start getting – I could see this sort of as a take it or leave it thing. I'm not certain that our IHE partners would useful, but I can also see how they would. I think it's one of those things that we need to work with users or walk through case studies to figure out whether that's particularly helpful or not. But yeah, let's leave it.

53:24 - Unidentified Speaker
It's worth having the conversation about.

53:26 - Nathan Mayer
OK, perfect.

53:29 - Unidentified Speaker
OK, so then, Elliot, thank you for stopping me there, Noah. Yeah, of course.

53:34 - Unidentified Speaker
My phone's about to die. I'm gonna have to drop.

53:37 - Unidentified Speaker
I'll let you guys finish it out. No, that's okay, Nathan.

53:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks for jumping on.

53:40 - Unidentified Speaker
I appreciate your thoughts here.

53:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you, Nathan.

53:45 - Leslie Friend
Okay, so LEA portal, it's gonna be kind of the same setup where they have, so, oh, okay, great. You have it on this guy. So reports, so this, like reports do, great.

54:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Hell yeah, let's just add that Add to IHE part two.

54:07 - Noah Gallego
Okay, perfect. Add to IHE. Okay, perfect.

54:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

54:11 - Leslie Friend
And then, that's great. I love the way you did that. And then, okay, their other action is going to say, you have, how did we say it here? You have three student submissions Submissions waiting for your review or something. I don't know.

54:37 - Unidentified Speaker
I mean Yep, okay Because that's gonna be actionable for them.

54:42 - Leslie Friend
Um so that they could see okay, let's let's go.

54:45 - Noah Gallego
Let's view view submissions or whatever And then they'll fill out the information and then they'll send it along Okay, perfect and then I think And then kind of here on that same basis where there's kind of like a mirror view with the application status, but of course that phrasing will change. But did you want to remove that approved kind of block as well? Because I know that the data that's being viewed here is very similar. So did you want to remove that like approved little section? And I'm saying like it's the fifth square on the application status model.

55:25 - Leslie Friend
Um, yeah, I'm trying to think.

55:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Cause like, so, okay. So the IHG is going to submit candidates.

55:44 - Leslie Friend
So they should have, they should have, sorry, I'm just talking this out. So they should have an, uh, uh, not a reminder, but an action item that says, you have candidates ready for, candidates ready for an application.

56:06 - Unidentified Speaker
I actually think Noah for this one, it's okay to keep application as the term. Let's just keep it this. Yeah, because they start as submitted candidates.

56:21 - Leslie Friend
And then the submitted candidates It's go to all the, the LEAs and the LEAs batch them and put them in an application. Yeah, you're right.

56:30 - Noah Gallego
Because, um, Oh, the LEAs batch them.

56:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

56:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Like, okay. Yeah. The LEA starts the application on an individual student base. Well, sorry. Submits a candidate. Oh, I mean, yeah, IHE does.

56:53 - Noah Gallego
Yeah, because IHE is like the college, then it goes to the actual. Yeah.

56:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. Sorry.

57:00 - Noah Gallego
I was confused.

57:01 - Unidentified Speaker
No, no, it's okay. It's really, it's really complex.

57:04 - Leslie Friend
So yeah, it's a whole new set of acronyms.

57:07 - Noah Gallego
So yeah, so the LEA is going to finish out the, what did we call it?

57:18 - Unidentified Speaker
We called it a disbursement.

57:20 - Leslie Friend
What did we call it?

57:22 - Unidentified Speaker
We called it, I have the note here.

57:23 - Noah Gallego
It's a disbursement group.

57:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Disbursement group. There we go.

57:28 - Noah Gallego
And that's, that's kind of a equivalent to batch that we were calling it.

57:35 - Noah Gallego
Yeah.

57:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. So let's call it, let's, keep it a disbursement group. Okay. Yep. That's fine. So then the language here would be you have a candidates ready to group. Okay.

57:51 - Noah Gallego
Yep. Right.

57:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep. Okay. That, that makes sense.

57:57 - Noah Gallego
And by grouping them, um, like That's not a physical action being done, right? That's just entries? Does that make sense?

58:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, because they would essentially. I see what you're saying. Grouping sounds like something that they have to go ahead and actually stick them together. At least to me.

58:29 - Noah Gallego
Back to applications.

58:36 - Unidentified Speaker
So this is kind of confusing for me because I'm looking at this. Oops, I'm sorry.

58:42 - Noah Gallego
So I see it's confusing to me. So it's definitely some some changes have to be made on. Yeah, that's okay.

58:50 - Unidentified Speaker
That's okay. We're working through it together. So Yeah.

58:54 - Leslie Friend
They're going to look at it by.

58:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Right now, the application is.

59:01 - Noah Gallego
By in this view, right? Yeah. Yeah.

59:01 - Leslie Friend
So they're going to want to Maybe what this, okay, sorry, we're working through this together.

59:23 - Unidentified Speaker
So maybe we get rid of these, this, this guy, get rid of the application status overview.

59:29 - Leslie Friend
Bye.

59:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. So then the task let's, let's keep the word application for now, because I think it's the word that makes the most sense for how we're describing it, but the action item right here that we would put would say action item you have five candidates to review or you have five candidates ready for applications okay yeah that makes sense yeah and then right below it you see applications right Mm-hmm No, no, it would be submissions, I'm sorry, it would be yours it would be IHE submission like candidates it would be like IHE candidates and then IHE partner and then it would be the candidates, right?

1:00:34 - Leslie Friend
Mm-hmm ideally It would be great to like check Mark all of the students.

1:00:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Right. And then generate an application or whatever, like create an application or batch or put together. Does that make sense? Yeah. I think I see what you're saying.

1:00:57 - Noah Gallego
So the IHE, um, is going to go ahead and kind of create these students is going to get sent LEA and then it's going to say you have five or X candidates ready for applications. The LEA needs to go ahead and finish those applications. And that's where we're at right now.

1:01:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Sort of, you're like almost on the nose.

1:01:19 - Leslie Friend
So there's a bunch of IAGs, right? And they're going to submit candidates and those are gonna go to, you know, you have five IHEs that are submitting candidates and theoretically there's 20 amongst them, right?

1:01:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. So let's say this. So there's five IHEs and five IHEs, each one of them has at least one candidate that's going to go to Bakersfield school district, whatever. I don't know. So then you have five candidates that just got submitted from five different IAGs, but it's to one LEA. Yeah. So they kind of funneled into that LEA.

1:02:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:02:13 - Unidentified Speaker
So that application is going to equal, it will be one application, not five from the IAGs. Yeah. Okay.

1:02:22 - Leslie Friend
So the application starts theoretically at the LEA with submissions from the IHE that they are batching into one application for the month of November.

1:02:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:02:36 - Noah Gallego
Now, now a question I have then is the IHE, they can, can they still submit multiple students? Cause like the IHE can be like a, I don't know, some, some higher education place and maybe they have, X students this kind of like an edge case going to the same place. Does that is that something you want to be shown together or do you want those kind of grouped as one? Like for example we have Cal State Fullerton on the screen maybe if there's more than one student coming from that place you kind of want like a little drop down where you could see the students or or yeah yeah we could do that.

1:03:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay so then it reduces the amount of scrolling.

1:03:15 - Leslie Friend
Yeah yeah I think you have it though right because you have have it here than the total students or no? Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

1:03:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:03:23 - Noah Gallego
Yeah.

1:03:24 - Leslie Friend
I know this is not the same view, but yeah, I think what we just want to be able to see, so this is what the LEA cares about.

1:03:31 - Unidentified Speaker
They care about, Oh, I have five.

1:03:35 - Leslie Friend
I am sitting in the month of November. I know that I have 30 days right now to like do a batch for CTC to do funding. Right.

1:03:46 - Leslie Friend
I have candidates ready for review or something. Candidates ready for application. I don't know.

1:03:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Maybe that's the right term. Candidates ready for application.

1:04:01 - Leslie Friend
So then I say, OK, excellent. I want to see those students. So then I'm going to need basically this view here that says, Candidates ready for application and then the most important thing is the ihe partner Right. Yep, or maybe it says, you know, maybe instead of that maybe this like Part this parent ribbon up here is just cal state fullerton and underneath cal state fullerton.

1:04:33 - Unidentified Speaker
You have sarah johnson joe smith Sally horton, I don't fucking know Yeah, and then I can clear to John Smith and I can fill in whatever information is needed, which is here.

1:04:52 - Leslie Friend
Yes.

1:04:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:04:54 - Noah Gallego
Yeah, because they'll need to fill in some remaining information before the application can be submitted, like considered complete, if that makes sense. That's right. That's right.

1:05:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:05:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep. Okay. That makes perfect sense.

1:05:04 - Noah Gallego
So I'll need to do some restructuring on this page, but okay. That makes sense. Yeah.

1:05:11 - Unidentified Speaker
overview is not necessary. The reporting is necessary.

1:05:17 - Leslie Friend
We want to put it in the same, like whatever you're creating for the IHE portal in the reporting is the same type of language you'll put here. So you're really halfway there. You have this information. Now we just want to like, yeah, keep this guy.

1:05:35 - Leslie Friend
But again, because that's not happening till later in the season, we want at the bottom. What we want at the top is, you know, doing the applications and matching the students together.

1:05:49 - Noah Gallego
Okay, yeah, that makes sense to me.

1:05:55 - Noah Gallego
Okay, and then on the reporting side for the LEA, does everything look fine in that kind of like subsection or do you want that moved to like a new tab, or do you like that module there?

1:06:10 - Unidentified Speaker
I think we can keep it here because we want it to be top of mind. Yeah.

1:06:14 - Leslie Friend
Similar to how we're doing it. And we can call it, let's call it post payment reporting, similar to here. Yeah.

1:06:24 - Noah Gallego
Yeah.

1:06:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Yeah.

1:06:26 - Noah Gallego
So then this information is kind of mirrored on both sides. Yeah, that's right.

1:06:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. Let me make sure I'm looking at my notes.

1:06:43 - Noah Gallego
I think you mentioned this, but would you be able to send those notes over as well? I have my own set, but this will help me kind of aggregate this information as well.

1:06:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:06:54 - Leslie Friend
And I do think we want them to be able to, so remember how we had IAG has has like their, um, like drafts or whatever.

1:07:07 - Unidentified Speaker
We'll want that also.

1:07:10 - Leslie Friend
Maybe it's pending completion, you know? Yeah.

1:07:14 - Noah Gallego
But, but in a different place though, cause that application status is going to be, is going to be correct. Yeah.

1:07:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:07:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Yeah. I'll, I'll find a way to display that.

1:07:22 - Noah Gallego
And of course AI can help as well. So yeah. Okay. That's, that's no problem. Yeah.

1:07:29 - Leslie Friend
There's another action that we want to add here. So there's three actions. The first action is, hey, you have candidates ready for application, right, from the IHE.

1:07:42 - Unidentified Speaker
The second one, second potential action item that we want to show is you have like an error with one of your applications. Because remember what happens.

1:07:59 - Leslie Friend
So LEA submits their application, but remember if there's bad information, it gets resubmitted to the LEA to fix.

1:08:09 - Noah Gallego
And is that who's, who's rejecting that? Is that, or is that like a system level thing? Like the system automatically checks or is that some sort of team?

1:08:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. That's the system doing that.

1:08:21 - Noah Gallego
So the system is checking.

1:08:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:08:22 - Leslie Friend
The system is saying, Oh, the, you in a 10 digit number that is supposed to match the 10 digit SEID, but it doesn't match. Okay. Yeah. No.

1:08:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:08:33 - Unidentified Speaker
That makes sense. That's okay.

1:08:35 - Noah Gallego
Sure.

1:08:35 - Leslie Friend
And so, so we will want a, like a red, maybe it's like a red one to be like, Hey, you have, you have applications that require attention and then they got to view it.

1:08:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Right. Cause it's like the same thing here. It's, it's basically the equivalent of like, why are these people pending?

1:08:54 - Leslie Friend
pending while they're pending because the LEA didn't do the application right.

1:09:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Does that make sense? Totally. Yeah. That makes perfect sense. Yeah. Okay. And then the third one you already have here, which is reports due.

1:09:07 - Leslie Friend
So those are the three kind of action messages that we want to make sure that they have potential to see. Okay.

1:09:16 - Noah Gallego
Yeah. That makes perfect sense. Okay.

1:09:20 - Leslie Friend
I know this is a lot.

1:09:22 - Unidentified Speaker
No, no, these are good.

1:09:25 - Noah Gallego
And I could totally get this all implemented. This helps me a lot, because it's kind of like the foundation has sort of been laid, but then the iteration part is much easier and quicker to do than building out new sections. Yeah, totally.

1:09:39 - Leslie Friend
And honestly, the work has been so great on this.

1:09:45 - Leslie Friend
I think I needed the time to go through it as a user and really think about it.

1:09:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. That what I just delivered in terms of feedback and direction is, is, is the user experience we're trying to get to. So, um, yeah. Okay. I'll send this over.

1:10:02 - Leslie Friend
This is just like my, I'm going to put it in our chit chat.

1:10:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:10:09 - Noah Gallego
No, I mean, this is, this is super helpful for me as well. When you have these, cause it's, there's still some things like I'm figuring out from just like a, like a business understanding. So it's, it's very helpful for me to and I can translate this into kind of like a technical solution. So yeah, it's just, I know that when I build these out, there'll be a lot of things that aren't the way that that's expected, but I wanna get kind of like have a continuous iteration on this.

1:10:34 - Unidentified Speaker
So no, these are very helpful point being TLDR. Okay, perfect.

1:10:39 - Leslie Friend
What do you think is the likelihood that we're gonna get all of, and it's okay if we're not, I just, I need to know, set my expectations on when this can be completed? Is this something that you think can be done by tomorrow for the meeting, or do you feel like that's a Friday thing?

1:10:57 - Noah Gallego
I think, I honestly think, I can set the expectation that the majority of this will be done tomorrow, but honestly, I think this could totally all be done by tomorrow, the changes that we've spoke about. Yeah, I think so, I think so.

1:11:15 - Leslie Friend
If it's not Noah, I don't I don't want you to kill yourself But if it's not I just need you to tell me so that I can set expectations for the client. Okay?

1:11:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah So I'm gonna look at your Calendar for tomorrow Looking for a time.

1:11:36 - Leslie Friend
Well, I'd love to So our meeting tomorrow is 1.30. So can you meet tomorrow at 12.30?

1:11:58 - Noah Gallego
Let me triple check. I have my calendar on Teams here. You said 12.30. Yeah.

1:12:06 - Leslie Friend
can, cause here's the thing. I just need you to show me what you did so that I can walk through it appropriately with the client.

1:12:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah.

1:12:14 - Noah Gallego
So I'll say walk through. Yeah.

1:12:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:12:20 - Noah Gallego
That sounds, um, great with me. Do you want me to add Nathan to this meeting as well?

1:12:26 - Leslie Friend
Yeah, you can add him as optional. I'm just, the reason why I chose that time Noah is because I want to give you as much time as you can possibly have to to do those changes. But if you want to move it up, you're totally welcome to if that's easier for your schedule. I'm just trying to give you as much time as I can to get it done.

1:12:44 - Unidentified Speaker
We can do could 12, do 11, we could do 11.30.

1:12:47 - Leslie Friend
Maybe prior to the standup, so 10.30 to 11.

1:12:49 - Unidentified Speaker
I think that should work fine.

1:12:50 - Noah Gallego
Tomorrow's a little bit of a light I promise I promise Jim I'd get some coffee with him.

1:13:06 - Unidentified Speaker
So I think uh, yeah, I think that should that should work good Okay, great.

1:13:11 - Leslie Friend
So we'll plan to meet tomorrow at That's even better Okay, perfect.

1:13:15 - Noah Gallego
Yeah, 10 30 10 30 Um, that should um, that should give me enough time for the The coffee. Okay.

1:13:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah sounds great with me.

1:13:24 - Leslie Friend
Cool. All right.

1:13:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks so much for all your time No, I appreciate you.

1:13:27 - Noah Gallego
No, thank you so much. Super helpful. So yeah, I'm excited Just ping me if there's anything else you need.

1:13:33 - Leslie Friend
Okay, sounds good, Noah.

1:13:34 - Unidentified Speaker
See ya. Bye. Alright, have a good one.

1:13:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Bye.

1:13:36 - Noah Gallego
You too. Bye.